(CU-862j6v2ar) cosmwasm product content update (#3134)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/docs/products/cosmwasm-vm-overview.md

reduce the effort required to port CosmWasm to other ecosystems. 
[Composable CosmWasm VM] (ccw-vm) has two host implementations which 
allow developers to easily integrate CosmWasm into their ecosystems.
This ensures that ccw-vm is highly portable and has consistent execution semantics regardless of its host. 
As a result, developers can integrate ccw-vm as a pallet, within a frontend app, or inside a CLI tool.

[Composable CosmWasm VM]: https://github.com/ComposableFi/cosmwasm-vm

## Value proposition for CosmWasm projects deployed on Cosmos

Building a CosmWasm virtual machine (VM) will allow developers to run smart contracts directly on [Picasso], 
our chain on Kusama. 
This provides novel opportunities, such as enabling existing Cosmos projects and CW developers to run smart contracts in 
the Polkadot & Kusama (DotSama) ecosystems simultaneously.

Accessible, interoperable smart contract creation is crucial for developing ecosystems, especially nascent ecosystems, 
that will play a significant role in the future of DeFi.

[Picasso]: https://picasso.xyz/

## Overview of Components

> The ccw-vm can be divided into three components:

Reviewer: I am not sure about the term `ccw-vm` here. Because cosmwasm virtual machine is `cosmwasm-vm` which is our actual virtual machine implementation. But the components explained here is the components of `CosmWasm on Substrate` which includes 3 different programs. @KaiserKarel wdyt?

Author: Edited to specify "CosmWasm on Picasso" with input from @JafarAz

> The ccw-vm can be divided into three components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The components of CosmWasm on Picasso can be divided into three components:
```
